.\"
.\"    this file is part of: wmblob
.\"
.\"    the GNU GPL license applies to this file, see file COPYING for details.
.\"    author: gürkan sengün and jean-luc herren.
.\"
.\"
.\" this man page is mainly made of some of the section
.\" also found in the file README.
.\"
.\" groff -man -Tascii wmblob.1
.\"
.TH WMBLOB 1 "FEBRUARY 2004" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
wmblob \- a WindowMaker dockapp
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmblob
[
.I --help
|
.I --version
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
(This manpage is mainly made of sections found in the file README
coming with the wmblob tarball.)
.PP
I'll be honest with you.  The truth is:
.I wmblob
is a totally useless program.  But unlike other totally useless
programs (I won't name them here, because they're made by an
enormous and rich company), it looks good and shows funny moving
`blobs'.  I'm sure you'll like it.  It's a nice dockapp for
WindowMaker (see `www.windowmaker.org'), but it's probably going
to run just as well with any other window manager.
.SH OPTIONS
Note: The command line options for setting the colors have been
removed.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\--broken-wm\fR
Handle broken window managers.  Some of them seems to need it, but
--windowed might be the better solution.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\--windowed\fR
Run in a window.
.TP
\fB\-d dp\fR, \fB\--display dp\fR
Use the given display.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\--help\fR
Print a short help message.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\--version\fR
Print version informations.
.SH HOW TO USE IT
Simply start it and watch it.  Nice, eh?

What?  Don't see anything?  Try giving the `--broken-wm' or
`--windowed' options to
.I wmblob.
    
Clicking in the window will open a dialog with lots of options.
(You can't change the colors anymore by clicking with different
buttons, like in older versions.)  All these settings change the
way
.I wmblob
behaves.  Sorry, I won't describe all of them here; you can find
it out yourself by fiddling around.  You can look at some examples
by loading the presets.  Select a preset from the dropdown menu,
click `load' and then `apply'.
.PP
.I wmblob
saves it's settings and presets in the file .wmblobrc in your home
directory.  you should not edit this file unless you really know
what you're doing.
.I wmblob
may crash if the file is not set up properly.  if you've messed
things up, simply delete this file,
.I wmblob
will recreate it with the default settings.
.SH CPU USAGE
Being nothing more than a toy (a nice toy),
.I wmblob
cannot be tolerated to use too much of your cpu.  While the amount of cpu time
required by
.I wmblob
is small (less than 1/2%) with the default settings on modern machines, it can
use considerable cpu time (maybe 10%) on older and slow machines with heavy
settings (lots of blobs).  It's your choice to run
.I wmblob
or not.  Also consider to nice it.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.I wmblob
is copyright by jean-luc herren.  The GPL version 2 (or newer, if
desired) applies to all portions of the code I wrote.  If you
don't know the GPL, please see the file COPYING in the root of the
source tree or go to `www.gnu.org'.
.PP
The file wmlessgeneral.c has been taken from wmgeneral.c by
Martijn Pieterse (pieterse at xs4all dot nl).  wmblob.c was
originally derived from wmdots.c from `wmdots' by Mark I Manning
IV (?), but there's nothing left from his original code.
.SH AUTHOR
.I wmblob
was written by Jean-Luc Herren.  (jlh at gmx dot ch)
.SH BUG REPORTS
Bugs?  Where?  Well, if you find one or have some comments,
questions or problems or feel like saying hello, feel free to send
me an e-mail (jlh at gmx dot ch).  Warning: If you spam me, I'll
remote activate
.I wmblob
to delete all your precious data and to break you a leg.
.SH KNOWN BUGS
None.  Unless you tell me about one.  I run it permanently on my
machine and never encountered any problems.
.SH THANKS
Thanks to other people who wrote dockapps, I read some of their
sources.  Especially: wmdots, wmMand and wmgeneral.
.PP
Thanks to Thomas Otto, for his patch, for command line args.
.PP
Thanks to Gürkan Sengün (gurkan at linuks dot mine dot nu), for
making a Debian package and writing the initial manpage.
.PP
Thanks to Arthur Melissen for the help with FreeBSD.
.PP
And thanks to all the people, who dropped me an email!  It's nice
to hear that you like it!  :)
.SH SEE ALSO
The WindowMaker homepage: `www.windowmaker.org'.  The DockApp
homepage: `www.dockapps.org'.  See also the file `README' and the
file `doc/how_it_works' if you're curious.  Both are included with
the wmblob source tarball.
.PP
.BR wmaker (1)
